okay guys going to be a quick little
video just want to say thank you to all
my subscribers finally reached a
thousand so in order of that I've just
made this little video which we're
involved some of these and yeah it's
quite a lot all then and then if I just
go up a little bit higher get a bit more
of a vantage point um yeah this took me
a little while so i just wanna say i do
that many and just over a thousand at
five thousand even five thousand TNT's
and 41 along 32 up and for deep until I
thought just let one off and see what
happens as a thank you so hopefully work
if it doesn't I will be really really
annoyed so let's have a I'll crap i was
lucky right let's try again there and
there we go let's see hopefully won't
like eight okay it's lagging a bit
whoa that's massive hole so far
wait wait do you do very like oh my god
okay yeah that took quite a bit of a
time to load and as you can see that
caused a hell of an explosion properly
properly destroyed the whole area so
yeah thank you guys I hope I see you all
for my next lot of videos bye